Father I
You bastard
Take a look at those. I thought you were studying abroad for the past six years
By turns out you were just falling around with the chicks you brought us disgrace to the family and to me father
This is clearly a setup that woman of Freya. I don't care who did it. You have made us look bad
I even left evidence behind you're such a fool. Oh my god. How could I have such a stupid song?
They are sisters anyways. I can't say that it was Erica on the photos
Isn't her father after all asking to marry us to join our family? No, listen
I'll give you two options the first you marry Erica immediately and when he one asks
You say the woman in the photo is her
The second you get out of this house and forfeit your inheritance
The bitch is
To hell one by one